docs: add documentation for Rust plugin (#544)
canonical/craft-parts: docs/base/rust_plugin.rst

Rust plugin
=============

The Rust plugin can be used for Rust projects that use the Cargo build system.

Keywords
--------

> This plugin uses the common :ref:`plugin <part-properties-plugin>` keywords as
> well as those for :ref:`sources <part-properties-sources>`.
> 
> Additionally, this plugin provides the plugin-specific keywords defined in the
> following sections.

Reviewer: No need to change it if you prefer the current wording — it just sounded a bit rigid to my ear so I thought I'd suggest this:

```suggestion
In addition to the common :ref:`plugin <part-properties-plugin>` and
:ref:`sources <part-properties-sources>` keywords, this plugin provides the following
plugin-specific keywords:
```

rust-channel
~~~~~~~~~~~~
**Type:** string
**Default:** stable

> Used to select which Rust channel or version to use.

Reviewer: It might be valuable to link to the [upstream documentation](https://rust-lang.github.io/rustup/concepts/channels.html) and let the user know they can specify either a channel or a specific toolchain.

Author: Done.

specified by the project itself.
If you want to override the default features, please see the :ref:`rust-no-default-features`
option below.

.. _rust-no-default-features:
rust-no-default-features
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
**Type:** boolean
**Default:** false

If this option is set to ``true``, the default features specified by the project
will be ignored.

You can then use the :ref:`rust-features` keyword to specify any features you wish to override.

rust-path
~~~~~~~~~
**Type:** list of strings
**Default:** .

The path to the package root (that contains the ``Cargo.toml`` file).
This is equivalent to the ``--manifest-path`` option in Cargo.

.. _rust-use-global-lto:
rust-use-global-lto
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
**Type:** boolean
**Default:** false

Whether to use global LTO.
This option may significantly impact the build performance but
reducing the final binary size and improve the runtime performance.
This will forcibly enable LTO for all the crates you specified,
regardless of whether the projects have the LTO option enabled
in the Cargo.toml file.

This is equivalent to the ``lto = "fat"`` option in the Cargo.toml file.

> If you want maximum runtime performance as possible,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want maximum runtime performance,
```

  projects. However, analyzing the whole program during the build time requires more memory and CPU time.

* Specify ``codegen-units=1`` in ``Cargo.toml`` to reduce LLVM parallelism. This may sound counter-intuitive,
  but reducing code generator threads could improve the quality of generated machine code.
  This option will also reduce the build time performance since the code generator uses only one thread per translation unit.

* Disable ``incremental=true`` in ``Cargo.toml`` to improve inter-procedural optimisations. Many projects may have
  already done this for the release profile. You should check if that is the case for your project.

* (Advanced) Perform cross-language LTO. This requires installing the correct version of LLVM/Clang and setting the right environment variables.
  You must know which LLVM version of your selected Rust toolchain is using.
  For example, Rust 1.71 uses LLVM 16 because you can see it bundles a ``libLLVM-16-rust-1.71.1-stable.so`` file in the ``lib`` directory.
  In this case, you want to install ``clang-16`` and ``lld-16`` from the Ubuntu archive.

  * You will need to set these environment variables for Clang:

>       .. code-block:: bash
> 
>         export CC=clang-16
>         export CXX=clang++-16
>         export CFLAGS=-flto=fat
>         export CXXFLAGS=-flto=fat

Reviewer: This might be nice to provide an example `parts` YAML snippet for rather than the bash. E.g.:

```suggestion
      .. code-block:: yaml

        parts:
          my-app:
            plugin: rust
            source: .
            build-packages:
              - clang-16
              - lld-16
            build-environment:
              - CC: clang-16
              - CXX: clang++-16
              - CFLAGS: -flto=fat
              - CXXFLAGS: -flto=fat
```
